By his third day as a member,
former athletic-club kid Sakurai
was fitting right in at the gym.
Immersing himself in training let him
shake off the day's smaller worries
and clarify his thoughts.
One of those worries?
Okay, Shinichi?
Gotta go harder.
"Thinking about another
cooking lesson next week. OK?"
"I'll check with Mom (Read)" "Thanks"
I haven't seen Senpai much these days...
"Uzaki-chan Wants to Hang Out!"
"Episode 6:
Uzaki-chan Wants to Celebrate!"
Okay--next.
You sure are full of energy, Sakurai.
Are you letting your sore muscles recover?
Yeah.
I've had a lot on my mind lately...
But after I tire myself out here,
I sleep like a log.
You're still young for
that monk-in-training stuff.
Speaking of worries...
Fuji... is it?
Ah, Sakurai!
Need a spotter?
If you would, please.
He wants to go hard enough
to chase his worries away.
Something bothering you, Sakurai?
Let me guess: A woman, right?
I wouldn't fret about that.
You're sharp, you're in
shape--they'll come to you.
It's just like Fuji,
sticking his nose all the way in there.
Sorry, Sakurai.
If it's advice you're after,
we've got plenty of "life senpai" here.
Myself included, of course!
Speaking of worries: My eldest daughter...
Seems there's this guy she likes.
Now who's looking for advice?
You can't discuss
that daughter stuff here.
I just want to vent to my senpai, okay?!
So you're the one
who wanted help all along.
I mean... we'll hear you out.
How old's your daughter?
Twenty--she's in college.
About your age, Sakurai.
Huh...
Then she's an adult,
and you should butt out.
I get that you're worried, though.
No way! These days,
you're still a child at 20!
That's--
You're the same generation, Sakurai;
what's your take?
Well, let's see...
Twenty does look
different on different people.
Still, I think anyone--me included--who
can't behave like a proper adult
even after they've
reached the age of majority
is still a child--no matter their age.
You go, Sakurai!
S-Sorry. That was impudent of me.
No, no, not at all.
So, uh, your daughter and this guy
she likes... how far'd they go?
About that...
Seems they haven't gone anywhere.
They're not at a stage
where you'd worry, then?
I don't really know myself...
To hear my daughter tell it,
he's her senpai at school,
and they've known each other a while.
Seems she hangs out
at his place on the regular.
To top it all off,
she even cooks for him--
but he still hasn't made a single move.
What the hell?
Are you sure you can take
your daughter at her word, Fuji?
She couldn't be fibbing?
No--I'm sure. When she lies,
she glances to the right.
He even knows his daughter's quirks.
What an annoying dad.
But if they do all that together
and he hasn't made a move...
There's really only one answer.
What's that?
He's not into your daughter like that!
Nope! That can't be!
I mean, my daughter is super cute!
Subjective much?
I'd say Fuji's the one
with a credibility issue.
No, I don't! That is a fact!
So this boyfriend of hers...
If we assume he is into your daughter,
wouldn't it be good
that he hasn't made a move?
He's been a gloomy loner
ever since high school.
Look, he's so pitiful, I'm doing
him a favor by paying him attention!
You love him!
Giving my little girl the cold shoulder...
I don't know whether
to curse him or praise him.
This guy is such a pain.
What do you think, Sakurai?
As her contemporary.
I can't really say since I don't know
what kind of guy this boyfriend is,
but if it were me...
If a girl I liked came over,
I wouldn't move too quickly
if she were important to me.
Sakurai...
You're so... pure.
But this is good!
It's good...
that you have a girl you like.
Could we please move on?
That was an example--a what-if!
So your daughter is important to this guy.
That's all right, isn't it?
I wonder...
Sure would be nice, though.
Wonder what he's like?
Yeah, what kind of guy could he be?
Well, I won't know without meeting him!
Back to work.
That's right--could you spot me on squats?
You got it!
He's cheered up for now, anyway.
Sure has.
You know, you talk
really well for your age.
I am? No one's ever said that before.
The beta-endorphin and noradrenaline
secreted during intense training
are said to provide a psychological boost.
Though he trained hard
in his athlete years,
the introverted Sakurai rarely
let that side of himself show.
But the personal skills
gained from two years
of earnest work in a customer-facing job
and the exhilaration
of moving his body again
began to mesh together like two gears,
and Sakurai started facing
brand-new changes within.
"Senpai, how's Thursday? (Read)"
"Got it--I'll check"
"Senpai, we on for tomorrow?"
Still unread.
I don't think he's working today...
Want to play a game, Hana?
Not today.
Aw!
How about you, Kiri? It's been a while.
Forget it. There's no way I can beat you.
It's okay--I'll go easy on you.
That's the part I don't like!
Did he find another hobby
he could lose himself in--alone?
"Senpai, we on for tomorrow? (Read)"
"Sorry for the late reply
See you then"
There we go.
"Mom & I will be waiting.
Looking forward to it."
Ooh, must be that senpai of yours!
N-Nuh-uh!
When Hana Uzaki lies,
she glances to the right.
This is paradise...
Aw, c'mon, Hana! Please?
I wanna see your senpai, too, Hana!
He's not a display piece, you know!
Dummy! You'll stretch it out!
Besides, he's not
that interesting to look at.
He's sullen, has menacing eyes...
But you love him, don't you?
He loves me! Senpai loves me!
Mom! Senpai said he's coming tomorrow!
Mom! Mom! Take a picture
of Hana's senpai for me, please!
Ignore her, Mom!
No banging around in the changing room!
Then can I take tomorrow off school?
Of course not!
And stop talking like your father!
Oh, and Hana, about tomorrow...
Mom said something came up.
Oh, okay.
Still, it came out well,
thanks to her recipe.
You've gotten the
hang of cooking now, huh.
By the way, Senpai...
You've been over a fair number of times
since you started those cooking lessons.
I guess I have.
Aren't you forgetting something?
Something important?
Right about now, Hana must be...
Is something wrong?
You just look so serious.
Do I? But... if all goes well,
everything will be made clear after today.
Can't ask for much more than that!
It's better this way.
Those two, all alone--surely
there'll be some kind of development.
And with Hana there,
Sakurai won't be looking at me.
Forgive me, Sakurai.
I can't reciprocate your feelings.
Dad...
Just let her be.
Father and daughter
once again read between the lines
as Tsuki Uzaki persisted
in her misunderstanding.
Bliss--pure bliss...
Shyshka likes people--I figured
she'd be about ready.
But Nika's a scaredy-cat,
so she's not quite there yet.
Oh, one is plenty, trust me.
Thanks, Uzaki.
You know, Senpai...
You're not that gross today.
What's that mean? Am I usually gross?
If he's not gross, then...
What could have happened?
Uzaki!
Uzaki! Uzaki! Her throat's all rumbly!
She must be happy!
Nope: still gross. Just my imagination.
This is amazing...
Ah, whatever.
I thought the coast would be clear...
Oh! Ms. Tsuki!
...but then I ran into him on my way home.
Thank you for that recipe.
Oh! Sure--of course.
Did today's dish turn out all right?
You must have spent a bit of time on it.
Yes.
Oh, the cooking went off without a hitch;
I just stuck around after it was finished.
This response--can it be?
Do you mean it finally happened?
Wow, you noticed? That's embarrassing...
But yes. I've been
interested for a while now.
And you'd stick around for that, for sure!
Right!
And today, at long last...
Yes!
At long last, you and Hana...
She finally let me!
The cat.
She was so soft, so warm...
It was just such a joyous sensation...
The cat.
M-My goodness...
I did think Hana would go along with it,
but couldn't she have
scrubbed that rocket launch?
It's probably asking too much,
but one day,
I want to try both together,
one in each arm,
instead of one at a time.
The cats.
All right, then--until next time!
Y-Yes...
A young wolf's insatiable desire...
Is there any stopping it?
Tsuki Uzaki's unnecessary
torment continues.
What should I do?
Not a darn thing!
"November 2"
Happy birthday, Mom!
Thank you!
So how old are you now?
Tsuki comes from a family of babyfaces.
She's still a youngster!
Say, wanna try for a fourth?
Stop! How can you say that
in front of your adolescent kids?!
"November 3"
Morning!
Hana, Kiri--what's wrong?
Can I help, Tsuki?
Oh, Fujio... be careful.
Good morning, Yanagi!
Sorry--I overslept a little.
Breakfast is almost ready, okay?
The siblings didn't know what to do
with their faces at times like this.
For crying out loud.
Just because it's her birthday...
"Birthday"... Hang on.
Now that I think about it...
Do I not know Senpai's birthday?
That's definitely an "oh, crap" face.
"Asia Café"
So...
Why did you call me here again?
I know Sak has something to do with it.
Please! You must know
all of Senpai's weaknesses.
I'm begging you--I need your help!
Whoa there! Calm down.
This could be fun. Let's hear it.
What do you want to know?
Senpai's birthday!
Listen, Uzaki... do you
remember what I said earlier?
That you should hurry things up?
And you're asking about his birthday now?
Wow, he's sincerely bummed for once.
He's remembering all his hard work.
It just... slipped my mind.
We know.
Right--because we celebrated
his 20th birthday last year.
Here, after closing.
What?! No fair!
Oh, come on.
But this sudden
interest in his birthday...
Is this some kind of "I have to
celebrate my loner senpai" thing?
Adorable.
No, it is not!
What kind of rotten woman would I be
if I let him celebrate my birthday
without doing anything in return?
So it's self-preservation.
No sense in hiding it. It's November 29.
Yikes--that's right around
the corner! Glad I asked!
I remember it by its number pun:
"nice meat day."
"11/29
Nice Meat Day"
Didn't need to know that.
What would be a good present for him?
It ticks me off that he'll barely crack
a smile no matter what I give him.
Boy, you got that right.
Last year we threw a surprise party.
It didn't have quite the desired effect.
Oh, are you sure? Thank you very much.
What a blah reaction...
Boo.
Yeah, he can be like that...
Use this. And don't tell a soul.
And here I thought you'd washed
your hands of the whole affair...
Oh, so what? It's on my own time!
I'm not using the café anymore!
Hmm. Maybe I raised her wrong.
Sakakiii...
You think of something!
Meanie!
Don't you know best
what would make Sak happy?
Then the big day arrived: November 29.
"November 29"
Happy birthday, Senpai!
I thought long and hard about your
present, but I just couldn't decide.
You didn't have to trouble yourself.
It was a real drag, so I'll just give
you everything that came to mind!
A drag?
First: a meal!
Hey, hey! You gonna carve all day?
Whoa! Quit setting bombs!
He's the one who did it!
Hey! That was an act of war!
Sorry! It slipped out. On purpose.
"On purpose" is right.
"Lousy Cat Wants to Hang Out!"
Are you done with that volume yet, Senpai?
Five minutes and I'll be finished.
Boy, was that fun!
So how was your 21st birthday, Senpai?
It didn't feel too different
from any other day...
But yeah--I had fun, too.
I know, right?
Having such a cute girl
celebrating your birthday
is miraculous good fortune for
a socially awkward guy like you!
Now thank me--worship me!
Yeah, you're right. I'm grateful.
Well! That was sincere.
You had a cake for me and everything.
But you really didn't
have to go to all that trouble.
I'm getting better, but I don't
know if I can return the favor.
No need to fret about that--
you're the birthday boy.
Still, though...
Okay, how about this?
Do your best to pay me back next year--
on my birthday!
There it is.
The harder you try, the more
magnificent your birthday'll be, too.
Plus, you get points for being
extra-nice and extra-sociable with me.
Points? What points?
Gotta save up your Uzakimiles!
What kind of system is that?
What gives? Is it because
I've been hitting the gym?
That fuzziness in my head is gone.
Sure, she says infuriating stuff,
but when you really think about it,
she's good people.
I feel like half of that
is her fussing over me.
With one thing and another,
it's fun being with Uzaki.
She makes it fun.
Ah, dammit.
Now I really want to return the favor.
I won't say so,
though--she'll get all cocky.
I'll keep that in mind.
In the front of your mind,
as a sure thing!
All right, all right.
We'll make it a regular
annual event, Senpai!
Yeah, okay.
You'll still be in school
the year after next, though.
Uzaki?
What Sakaki said earlier...
You might want to hurry things up.
Is this why?!
Only a year and change left.
What can I do with him in so little time?
It's so aggravating that he doesn't
seem to be in any kind of hurry!
Is he going to graduate all nonchalant,
never knowing how I feel?
And after that...
I'll never...
Se... Senpai!
What's up?
Um, well... you see...
The thing is... uh...
Having trouble saying it?
At this late date? You can say anything.
All right, then: here goes.
Okay.
Senpai...
How about staying back a year?
What the hell are you talking about?!
Spend one more year
having fun hanging out with me!
As if!
Right now, you'll earn triple the
Uzakimiles if you repeat a year!
Oh, that's already started, has it?
Well, I'm not doing it!
Pretty please!
It was on this day that a
not-insignificant impatience
burgeoned forth within Hana Uzaki's heart.
Seriously, what am I going to do?
"Next Time"
"Episode 7: Uzaki-chan Wants to Confess!"